My greatest accomplishment was when I helped the street lighting company I worked for convince the small town of Bend, Oregon to convert antiquated street lighting to energy-efficient LED bulbs. My role was created to promote and sell the energy-efficient bulbs, while touting the long-term advantage of reduced energy costs. I had to develop a way to educate city light officials on the value of our energy-efficient bulbs, which was a challenge since our products had an expensive up-front cost compared to less efficient lighting options. I created an information packet and held local community events aimed at city officials and the tax-paying public. There, I was able to demo the company product, answer questions, and evangelize the value of LED bulbs for the long term. It was crucial to have the public on board and I was able to reach a wide variety of community members with these events. I not only reached my first-year sales goal of $100,000, but I was also able to help us land another contract in a neighbor city. Plus, the community-focused strategy garnered attention from the national media. And I’m proud to say I got a promotion within one year to senior sales representative.
My greatest accomplishment was when I was a content leader at a local design agency. I was part of a small team assigned to redesigning the agency website in hopes of attracting new regional clients. As a senior member of the team, I was tasked with being both the content strategist and the overall project manager. Our team was lean but expected to deliver big results as our little agency was being crowded out by bigger agencies in our market. I spearheaded the process for the website redesign by having clear creative milestones and regular check-ins with the agency owners. From the first kickoff where I organized a fun brainstorm to identify our unique positioning, to weekly meetings where we gave each other direct and actionable feedback, I was able to engage other team members in a way that made everyone feel valued and motivated. I even sat alongside my design counterparts to make edits right to their files, building up camaraderie as well as ensuring efficiency. Our team completed the redesign on schedule, and with the help of our marketing squad, we were able to see an increase in site traffic within two weeks. We landed two new client pitches within 30 days and secured both of them for long-term campaigns. Through trust building and collaboration with every team member, I can proudly say the redesign was a major success.
My biggest achievement was during my internship as a customer support representative at Company X. I was the first custom support intern there, so I didn’t have a lot to go off of and had to learn a lot by myself. A lot of it was fast-paced too, and at first, I wasn’t even sure if I was doing things right. I felt out of place and I had to think fast if I wanted to move up in the company. I wanted to improve, and a lot of the other employees were often too busy to help me out. So, I didn’t really have a lot of instructions… I decided to start learning as much as I could about our product (a social media automation tool) by talking with the other employees when I could, and reading up on everything I could get my hands on that was related to the product. After a while, I started noticing a trend with the questions I was getting from our customers. First, I decided to create a document of the Frequently Asked Questions I was getting, for personal use. This saved me a lot of time, and eventually, the document got repurposed to its own web page. Over the following year, I got promoted to the Customer Support Team Lead, and helped with scaling up the overall customer service efforts (consulted with hiring, training new reps, communicating issues and questions with the product, and so on). In the end, we managed to decrease the average monthly ticket count by around 25%.
After a change in office location, my company lost several significant clients, which dramatically impacted our monthly sales. The Sales Manager asked my team to re-sign any clients who did not renew their contracts. After determining why my clients did not re-sign, I developed strategies that included promotional items, referral discounts, and seasonal pricing for products.
With my strategies, I successfully re-signed 50% of our previous clients that we lost from our relocation.
