In my previous role, I had a consistently late colleague, and my team would have to wait for her to begin our daily tasks. I took the initiative to approach her and discuss why she could not make our morning meetings. After running into some disagreements about her lateness, I offered an alternative solution that would suit her and keep the team on schedule. In the end, I arranged to have our morning team meeting time adjusted to a mid-morning meeting to allow for any lateness or pressing tasks that may interfere in the future. This way, all team members could attend and participate fully each day.
Funnily enough, last year I was part of a committee that put together a training on conflict intervention in the workplace and the amount of pushback we got for requiring attendance really put our training to the test. There was one senior staff member in particular who seemed adamant. It took some careful listening to understand he felt like it wasn’t the best use of his time given the workload he was juggling. I made sure to acknowledge his concern. And then I focused on his direct objection and explained how the training was meant to improve not just the culture of the company, but also the efficiency at which we operated, and that the goal was for the training to make everyone’s workload feel lighter. He did eventually attend and was there when I talked to the whole staff about identifying the root issue of a conflict and addressing that directly without bringing in other issues, which is how I aim to handle any disagreement in the workplace.
While working on a project for a previous employer, one of my team members regularly challenged every solution I presented. He also had a tendency to interrupt and talk over others without listening to their input. I experienced a challenge in maintaining my patience when he interrupted others without listening. It reached a point where our respective managers counselled both of us on our behaviour. To resolve this conflict, I had to recognize that I cannot change or control his behaviour. I also acknowledged that this behaviour, from both of us, was likely a result of stress due to the heavy workload of the project. Therefore, I adjusted my own communication style to increase empathy, avoid triggers and build patience with interruptions. We were able to complete the project and maintain polite correspondence whenever we needed to work together after that.
In my previous experience, I was working with a group to prepare a presentation for leadership. The group was responsible for conceptualizing an idea and presenting a project plan to implement the idea. We selected an idea and developed an action plan for completing the presentation. Two of the team members wanted to hold daily meetings to discuss the plan and progress. Other team members, including myself, disagreed with this approach because the team had a log to report task progress and completion.As long as everyone knew their assigned tasks, we did not think we needed to divert time for meetings that would not move the project forward. We also thought these meetings would use valuable time needed to complete the project. Instead of starting an argument about the meetings, we gathered everyone together to explain their reasoning for their side. Eventually, we decided to hold a daily meeting that would last no more than ten minutes to provide short updates on task progress.
