I am able to establish a good relationship with my co-workers while working on the project. Whenever a new project starts, I start by demonstrating what must be done and everyone follows suit. When we went to the market to look for new customers for our bank, I took the lead by speaking to different people about our incredible banking services; when other team members saw what I was doing, they also started playing their role effectively and we got quite a good number of bank customers.
I do care about my team and I met with each team member individually to help them outline personal workplace goals. For instance, one of my team members wanted to produce twice as many deliverables, but we worked together to revise her goal to produce a lower number of deliverables with better quality assurance scores. This transformational leadership style enabled my team to address an overall company goal and improve the overall quality of our work
I think that a good leader is someone who can make decisions while also listening to others and being willing to admit when you’re wrong and course correct. In my last role, my team and I were responsible for giving a big presentation to a prospective client. I quickly assigned different tasks to members of my team, but the project never really got moving. I gave everyone an opportunity to share their input and concerns, and it turned out that they were struggling in the roles I’d given them. I ended up switching a few people around. Meanwhile, the employee I’d assigned to give the presentation was nervous, but still wanted to give it a try. I worked with them to make sure they were ready and even held a practice session so that they could rehearse in a more comfortable environment. When the time came for the real thing, they nailed it! We landed the client, and the company still has the account to this day. And that employee became a go-to person for important client presentations. I’m really glad I took the time to listen to everyone’s concerns so that I could re-evaluate my approach and help my team be the best it could be.
I think that strong organizational skills are some of the most important for a leader to have. My company has an annual summer barbecue, and the person who used to organize the event every year recently left the company for a new job. Since I’d helped them in the past, I volunteered to run it this year. It’s a potluck event and we usually have a few organized activities throughout the day. I sent out a survey to get a feel for who wanted to bring what dishes and which activities people were most interested in.Once I had that information, I figured out which activities could be run by employees and which needed me to bring someone in from outside the company. I managed the budget to make sure that we had as many of the popular activities as possible as well as enough food and options to cover any dietary restrictions. I sent reminders to people to make sure we had everything we needed. I also sent out a schedule that made it clear when everything was happening and at what time people needed to arrive and set things up.  In the end, there were a few small hiccups on the day, we briefly ran out of ice, but since everything had been planned and shared in advance, the event overall went really smoothly and everyone was able to adjust to last-minute changes. I got a lot of great feedback after the event from people at all levels of the company both in person and in notes. Everyone said they had a great time!
