One time, I disagreed with my boss over a decision that would cost the company a lot of money if we did it his way. It had to do with how we were going to handle our Facebook ad campaigns, and I came up with a solution that ultimately saved the company a grand on our advertising. I wrote up a document explaining my plan and emailing it to him, asking to chat more in person. He loved the idea, so we went with it, and it ended up working out great.
In my job as a finance assistant, I was in charge of putting together reports for potential company investments. It was important to get the details and numbers right so that leaders had the best information to make a decision. One time, my boss asked me to generate a new report on a Wednesday morning and wanted it done by Thursday at 5 PM. Because I’m committed to high-quality work and I wasn’t sure my boss fully understood what goes into each report, I knew I needed to speak up. At her next available opening, I sat down with my boss and explained my concerns. She was firm that the report would be completed by Thursday at 5 PM. So I decided to ask if there was anyone who could help out. After thinking about it, my boss found another assistant who could put in a few hours. While it was a tight timeline, we got the report done, and the committee was really pleased to review it at the meeting. My boss appreciated my extra efforts to make it happen and I felt good that I hadn’t let the quality of the report slip. It was a good experience of being a team player but also knowing when and how to ask for help. And once I explained how much time and work goes into each report, my boss was careful to assign them further in advance.
One time, I disagreed with my manager over how to handle a sales deal. I respectfully expressed my opinion on how to make the sell and, ultimately, we made the sell. It worked out well, and we both maintained open and honest communication with each other.
Once, a co-worker and I disagreed on the way an unsatisfied customer was dealt with. I decided to meet with them one on one to talk and resolve our dispute in a peaceful manner. We both agreed that our goal was to keep the customer happy and came to a compromise that consisted of both of our ideas.
