I was responsible for coordinating the logistics for a live virtual presentation for 100 of our summer interns across the country. Our senior vice president of sales was joining us to talk about their career path and share advice with our interns. I wrote down the wrong time. We ended up having a last-minute time change for this event due to business needs; so I had to quickly update all the logistics and I forgot to update the calendar invite for the SVP.
Early in my career, I missed a deadline that ended up costing us a really big account. There were a lot of factors that contributed to this, but ultimately, I was the one who dropped the ball. From that experience, I went back and thought really hard about what I could’ve controlled and what I would’ve changed. It turns out that I was not nearly as organized as I thought I was. I sat down with my boss, asked for suggestions on how to improve my organizational skills, and a few months later I was able to score an even bigger account for the department.
At my last job, we always called the project managers ‘PMs.’ When I first started my current job, I was tasked with sending ‘the PMs’ some budget numbers by Friday so they’d have them for a meeting on Monday midday. I was still very new and didn’t quite know what the numbers were for, but I didn’t want to seem clueless by asking too many questions. So, I sent the numbers to the project managers. On Monday morning, I walked in to see someone at my boss’s desk asking where the budget numbers were, and that person was a *product* manager. My immediate instinct was to run and hide, or to tell my boss at least only what had happened once this person had left, but instead I politely introduced myself and explained my error. I sent the numbers to the correct people right then and there and offered to help set up the conference room ahead of their presentation if they needed more time to prep because of my delay. After that, I always asked any questions I had rather than making assumptions and I haven’t had a mix up like that since.
For my neurobiology class, our final lab reports had to be written individually, but based on experiments run by each member of our lab group. We quickly divided up who was doing which experiment and decided we’d all have our experiments done by April 15, so we’d all have time to write. I didn’t thoroughly look at my section until I was literally walking into the lab and only then realized that I needed results from other group members before I could start. I quickly reached out to my group to let them know what I’d done wrong, apologize, and to see if they had their results yet. One person didn’t and didn’t have time in their schedule to do their experiment until April 14. Luckily, we were able to switch sections, and I was able to complete their original part and compile all the results they needed so that they could complete my original part. Since then, I’ve always made sure to lay out all of the steps and requirements for each step of a project before starting and be super clear on what I’m responsible for and how it fits into the larger picture.
