To me, failure is when you give up without trying everything you reasonably can. When I was an email marketing associate, my company rolled out some new KPIs that were fairly aggressive, including that all email newsletters should be growing their subscriber lists at a rate of 25% per quarter. I was floored. It felt like too much to ask for, and I had no idea how to get it done. So I continued to focus primarily on my other KPIs. After about a month, my boss asked how my numbers were looking. I admitted they were about the same and I hadn’t done anything differently. I could tell she was upset. She immediately tasked me with coming up with three possible ideas to grow the subscriber list and sending them to her by the end of the next day. It didn’t matter how small or basic or out there they were, she just wanted to see a list. Then, we talked through each of my ideas and how to accomplish them and came up with more. I ended up implementing a few, but starting so far into the quarter, I only saw growth of 12%, so I failed to meet the goal. But by continuing to try new things the next quarter, I was able to grow my list by 26%. I learned that if something feels too big, I should never ignore it and instead try to break it down or reach out for help. This early experience turned me into someone who is super conscientious and effective when it comes to pursuing new goals, the more challenging, the better.
The failure question frequently takes people by surprise. Even if you’re prepared for it, talking about failure is difficult. The key to answering this question well is first framing the way you see failure and then finishing with your key takeaways from the experience. If you sandwich your story with these two components, you’ll definitely have a strong answer.
In my first job, I was assigned to make a series of changes to a customer’s live website. I had two hours to do them. I hadn’t tested the changes before, and they didn’t work. I undid everything because time was running out. I had to schedule the process all over again, and the customer was upset. Since then, I always use a test server to apply all changes and validate them before taking them to a live website.
One of the first projects that I managed had a very tight deadline. I accepted it to impress my boss. Unfortunately, I couldn’t get the project finished on time. After that, I sought help and studied various strategies to prevent delays. I learned to keep track of the project schedule from day one, identify potential problems and act quickly, and keep open communication with the team, to name a few. That failure helped me become a better project manager.
To me, I’ve failed any time I turn in work that I feel I could have done better with the resources allotted. One time, in my junior year of college, the final for an engineering class was to build a small, functioning hovercraft. Each team was given $300 for supplies as well as access to the engineering school’s supply storage. I was responsible for the construction of the hovercraft, including ordering any needed supplies. I quickly made a list of supplies we needed and ordered them online. Unfortunately, getting everything on my list was too expensive so I cut a few components from our design. When I saw other teams constructing their hovercrafts, they had way more supplies than we did. I realized that if I had checked the supply storage before making my list and taken the time to look around for better prices instead of taking the first thing I saw online, I could’ve saved significantly. The rest of my team did a great job on their parts, but I knew I could’ve done better. I emailed my professor directly to take responsibility for our hovercraft’s underperformance. I ended up with a lower grade on the project than the rest of my group, but I’m glad I didn’t bring them down. I learned to always take my time before using any resources I’m given to make sure that I’m using them wisely, and never make a purchase before shopping around a bit, both in work and outside of it.
