I double majored in chemistry and communications. When I graduated, I found a job in sales for a consumer healthcare products company, where I drew on my teaching experience and learned even more about tailoring your message and explaining role at a massive company where I was responsible for teaching recent graduates the basics of complex health concepts to people without a science background. Then, I moved into a sales training selling. Last year I completed my student teaching, and over the summer, I worked for a science camp, teaching kids from the ages of 10 to 12 about basic chemistry concepts. Now, I’m excited to find my first full-time teaching job, and your district is my top choice.
Well, as you can see from my resume, I took a bit of a winding road to get to where I am today. In college, I double majored in chemistry and communications. I found early on that working in a lab all day wasn’t for me and at some point, I realized I looked forward to the lab class I TA’ed the most. So when I graduated, I found a job in sales for a consumer healthcare products company, where I drew on my teaching experience and learned even more about tailoring your message and explaining complex health concepts to people without a science background. Then, I moved into a sales training role at a massive company where I was responsible for teaching recent graduates the basics of selling. My trainees on average had more deals closed in their first quarter than any of the other trainers’ cohorts. Plus, I got so much satisfaction from finding the right way to train each new hire and watching them progress and succeed. It reminded me of my time as a TA in college. That’s when I started taking night classes to earn my chemistry teaching certificate. I left my full-time job last year to complete my student teaching at P.S. 118 in Manhattan, and over the summer, I worked for a science camp, teaching kids from the ages of 10 to 12 about basic chemistry concepts and best practices for safe experiments. Now, I’m excited to find my first full-time teaching job, and your district is my top choice. The low student-to-teacher ratio will let me take the time to teach each student in the best way for them, which is my favourite part of the job.
I started my career as a professional writer, first for a local newspaper and then an online news publication. In that second role, I was promoted to Managing Editor in my third year, when I took over managing a team of seven writers. I’ve been on this same career path since then, managing teams of between five and twenty staff for a couple of different online publications, all with millions of readers per year. I’m now interviewing for director-level positions as I look for the next challenge in my career. I’m still employed by my most recent employer on my resume and the job is going well; I simply feel it’s nearing the time to make a change in order to keep challenging myself and growing. We also had an investor back out recently which is putting our expansion plans to a halt and limiting my budget to hire and grow my team as well as the website. I’d like to take on a new challenge, and the Editorial Director position that you posted seemed highly relevant.
