I’ve been honing my data analysis skills for a few years now and, first and foremost, I’m looking for a position where I can continue to exercise those skills. Another thing that’s important to me is the chance to present my findings and suggestions directly to clients. I’m always very motivated by being able to see the impact of my work on other people. And I’m definitely looking for a position where I can grow since I hope to take on managerial responsibilities in the future. To sum it up, I’d love a position where I can use my skills to make an impact that I can see with my own eyes. Of course, the position is only part of the equation. Being at a company where I can grow and work toward something I care about matters, too. DNF’s goal of being at the intersection between data and education inspires me, and I’m really excited about this opportunity.
I’d love to lead more client projects in my next role. I’ve enjoyed communicating with clients in my current Account Manager position, but my Team Leader manages most of the projects in terms of being responsible for the deliverables, delegating tasks, and more. I feel ready for that challenge now, so I’m hoping to do that in my next position.
I’d love to lead more client projects in my next role. I’ve enjoyed communicating with clients in my current Account Manager position, but my Team Leader manages most of the projects in terms of being responsible for the deliverables, delegating tasks, and more. I feel ready for that challenge now, so I’m hoping to do that in my next position. When I spoke to Bethany in my phone interview, she mentioned that the person you hire will start by leading one or two client projects at a time and could grow into leading even more. So the position sounds exciting.
I enjoy working as part of a team, so one thing that I’m targeting in my next position is a collaborative, team-focused environment. Based on what I saw from researching your company and reviewing the job description, it sounds like that’s the type of work culture you promote here, so I’m excited to learn more about the opportunity today.
