I tend to do my best work when I’m collaborating with colleagues and we’re working together toward a common goal. I was that rare student who loved group projects and now I still get a rush of excitement when I’m planning marketing campaigns with a team and bringing new and different voices into the fold. When I was working at XYZ Agency, I made it a habit to extend invitations to folks in different departments to join certain brainstorming and feedback sessions. Some of our most successful campaigns grew out of the ideas we generated together with co-workers in IT, HR, product, and customer success. That’s why I was so excited to learn that this role would have me working closely with the product and sales teams as well as with a talented marketing team. The other thing I find is crucial to making these collaborations successful is organization and documentation, so I’m also really big on creating one central home for all materials related to a project, including meeting notes, action items, drafts of campaign copy and visuals, and timelines.
My work style is flexible. I've worked across multiple industries and that's taught me how to adapt my working style to bring out the best in my team.
In general, I try to focus on one project at a time. I find that focusing on one thing allows me to get things done faster and to a higher standard than I could if I was multitasking. I also enjoy working closely with my team, and I particularly enjoy it when people point out things that I could do better. I find that my ability to take on and provide feedback allows me to bring out the best in any team I'm on.
I've been working remotely for a few years now and I've developed a lot of important remote work skills that allow me to stay focused, motivated, and productive even when working across multiple time zones. I'm a great written communicator and enjoy teaching people who are new to remote work about asynchronous communication. I've found that once people get a taste of async, they enjoy the benefits it brings. The hours of uninterrupted time allow me to work deeply and crush my todo list.
As a product designer, I find that my work style tends to be a mix of focused independent work to get an initial design complete followed by close collaboration with software engineers and product managers to see what is feasible and what should be descoped.
In a previous role, I improved our design processes by introducing a design system and working with our development team to build it out. This led to a 50% reduction in the time it took from the first design to features being in production. The time saved allowed me to build out more robust designs and reduced what we needed to descope because the core front-end components were already built.
