I tend to do my best work when I’m collaborating with colleagues and we’re working together toward a common goal. I was that rare student who loved group projects and now I still get a rush of excitement when I’m planning marketing campaigns with a team and bringing new and different voices into the fold. When I was working at XYZ Agency, I made it a habit to extend invitations to folks in different departments to join certain brainstorming and feedback sessions. Some of our most successful campaigns grew out of the ideas we generated together with co-workers in IT, HR, product, and customer success. That’s why I was so excited to learn that this role would have me working closely with the product and sales teams as well as with a talented marketing team. The other thing I find is crucial to making these collaborations successful is organization and documentation, so I’m also really big on creating one central home for all materials related to a project, including meeting notes, action items, drafts of campaign copy and visuals, and timelines.
I’ve been working from home for seven years now and have learned a lot about what helps me stay focused, motivated, and productive. I code best with a big monitor, dim lighting, and calm but loud piano music I play on my headphones. I’ve set up my little home office to help me get in the zone. I even went ahead and painted the walls a dark blue. I check in with my team on Slack several times throughout the day, but in between, I pause my notifications and minimize all windows to avoid distractions for an hour or two at a time. One time my teammate had to be out at the last minute before a tight deadline to ship code on a crucial feature. I discovered this when I checked in one morning and by retreating into my cave and really getting in the zone for a few big chunks over the next few days, I was able to finish not only my own code on time, but also cover for them and deliver their portion of the code too.”
“As a manager, the most important thing I can do is be there to support my team and help them support one another, and I structure my work week around that. So the first thing that goes on my weekly calendar is a one-on-one meeting with each direct report to ensure there’s dedicated time set aside to talk through any updates, obstacles, goals, and feedback in both directions. I trust them to do what they need to do throughout the week, though I make sure they know I’m always just a Slack message away if anything urgent comes up between check-ins! Then I like to make sure to schedule regular team meetings to bring everyone together to share wins and encouragement, brainstorm ideas and strategies, and learn from one another. In my last job, one of my direct reports in particular had a knack for listening to her colleagues’ stories, asking them the right questions, and helping them find strategies that worked for them. Not only did she help her teammates close deals and reach their quarterly goals, but these team meetings also helped her discover her talent for coaching other salespeople and started a series of conversations about her growth in our one-on-ones that ended in her getting promoted to a manager role."
I tend to do my best work when I’m collaborating with colleagues and we're working together toward a common goal. I was that rare student who loved group projects and now I still get a rush of excitement when I’m planning campaigns with a team and bringing new and different voices into the fold. When I was working at XYZ Agency, I made it a habit to extend invitations to folks in different departments to join certain brainstorming and feedback sessions. Some of our most successful campaigns grew out of the ideas we generated together with co-workers in IT, HR, product, and customer success. That’s why I was so excited to learn that this role would have me working closely with the product and sales teams as well as with a talented marketing team. The other thing I find is crucial to making these collaborations successful is organization and documentation, so I’m also really big on creating one central home for all materials related to a project, including meeting notes, action items, drafts of campaign copy and visuals, and timelines.
