I take pride in my ability to stay organized, and it’s really come in handy in my past roles and especially the social media assistant job I’m in now. First, I keep a really meticulous calendar for each of the platforms I’m responsible for using Hootsuite, which I noticed you use here as well, and I try to block off time twice a week to get ahead on creating and slotting in posts. Second, I’m a big fan of Trello, where I have one personal board I use as a to-do list color-coded by type of task and marked with priority level and one shared marketing team board that we use to coordinate campaigns launching across social, email, and other channels. We pay very close attention to the news in case we need to pause a campaign. If needed, I’d tag all the relevant stakeholders on Trello, immediately suspend all scheduled content in Hootsuite, and start a discussion on Slack or suggest a meeting to reassess strategy. Finally, I created a shared folder on Google Drive with subfolders by campaign that I update with one-pagers on goals and strategies, assets, a record of the actual posts deployed, performance analyses, and retros. That way, there’s a go-to place for anyone on the team to refer back to past projects, which I’ve found really helps us learn from every campaign and incorporate those learnings into what we’re working on next.
Great question! As a manager, my ability to stay organized is key for me and my team. I have to say I’m totally a paper-and-pen devotee for to-do lists. Every Monday morning, I create a weekly to-do list in the notebook I always keep with me at work, separated into sections, including one for each of my direct reports, with checkboxes I can easily mark as completed. That really helps me get an aerial view of the coming week. But then each morning, I like to grab a sticky note and write down the most important items I need to tackle that day in priority order to help me focus. Of course, that’s always subject to change if someone on my team comes to me with an urgent question or problem, and I try to build in some buffer to account for that, whether they need help talking through a tricky script or could use some backup on a call. Every month and quarter I set up a tracker for individual and team sales goals in Google Sheets and update it when any deal is closed. I have a reminder on my calendar to spend some time reviewing the tracker every Friday and making notes on steps to take the following week, whether it’s checking in with an account executive who’s behind on their individual goal to strategize or taking time to recognize an SDR for how thoughtfully and effectively they’re teeing up AEs to succeed with new prospects.
When I was hired in my last role, I quickly saw that I was going to be handling a high number of tasks, and that I’d need to use my resources efficiently if I wanted to succeed. I used an online calendar and to-do list to track priorities and plan out my day and week. I broke down each major project into smaller pieces, which I found helpful for time management and deciding which tasks are most critical each day.
My managers in my two past roles both had a very hands-off approach, and I was left to develop my own organizational skills and systems. I enjoyed the challenge and created some great systems to save time, prioritize my most critical tasks, and also, make sure the other tasks that aren’t top priority don’t fall through the cracks and get forgotten. In terms of specific tools, I used a combination of email and Google Calendar, plus automated reminders, email tags, and email folders to organize all of my projects. I can share some past examples of how this looked for specific projects if you’d like.
