I do consider myself successful, even though I’m early in my professional career. I took a full load of classes in my junior year of college because I wanted to take that summer to volunteer for a human rights organization overseas. I knew that I needed to make sure I was on track with my major, minor, and graduation requirements. It was difficult to juggle it all with my part-time job, which I kept helping account for the fact that I wouldn’t be earning money over the summer, and there were a few sleepless nights. But it was worth the hard work: I ended the year with a 3.9 GPA and the opportunity to volunteer for the agency in Ghana without falling behind my graduation timeline. For me success is about setting a goal and sticking with it, no matter how hard it is, and this experience was proof that I could be successful even when there’s a lot to balance, which I know there always is at a non-profit like this one.
I have definitely been successful. One of the successes I’m most proud of involves a client I inherited from a team member who had recently left the company. I’d been told the client was difficult.  The client was apparently unhappy with the level of service they had received. I take customer care very seriously, so I listened to the client’s concerns and frustrations and used that information to deliver a better experience for them. I made sure to follow up after each meeting, set expectations clearly up front, and met each and every deadline. In the end, the client was extremely happy and renewed their contract with us. I consider this a success because a positive client experience is what account management is all about. I would bring that same commitment to clients to this role.
I do consider myself successful. Because I always go above and beyond for my clients, I have achieved the highest sales record of anyone in my previous office. However, I am not content with that one success. I look forward to working hard to communicate effectively with future clients to improve on my sales record.
I consider myself successful because of my ability to get along well with others, including employers, staff, and clients. My friendly personality, coupled with my ability to communicate effectively, helps me establish relationships and achieve results, particularly in team projects. Of course, I consider myself to be successful in other areas of my life; seeing three children through high school and college is probably one of my greatest successes!
