My current goal is to earn the CPA license so that I’m fully certified and prepared to contribute to a junior staff accounting job. My undergraduate degree is in finance, and I completed an accounting internship with XYZ Company last summer. While I was there, I decided that each week I’d ask one person from a different team to coffee to learn about their job and career path. Not only did those conversations impress upon me the importance of getting my CPA as soon as possible, they also helped me realize I was eager to pursue forensic accounting, which is why I’m so excited about the opportunity to join this team. In order to ensure I earn my CPA this year, I enrolled in NASBA workshops, created a study schedule to keep myself on track, and will be taking my first trial test in three weeks. I plan on taking the actual test within the next three to six months.
"When I was studying to be a dental hygienist, my goal has always been to make patients more comfortable when they visit the dentist's office. I want to educate them about proper brushing and flossing that can help them achieve oral health. I strive to establish relationships with patients from their first appointment with me. Next, I can complement them on what they do well. My other objective is to explain what they can do to improve and how better habits can benefit them. My goal is to increase the number of regular patients that visit the dentist yearly.
I've been working toward becoming a retail supervisor since I began my career five years ago. My immediate course of action would be to expand our team. I believe my experience in customer service and sales makes me qualified to identify qualified candidates that can benefit the company. I also can implement different visual merchandizing throughout the store. In a previous role, the presentation of my inventory increased sales by 25%. Once we have a larger workforce, I can establish a protocol for interacting with customers. My long-term goal is to exceed sales quotas for the holiday season.
As a prospective technical architect, I have leadership and communication skills that can mentor technology professionals on my team. I believe relationship-building is essential to collaboration and projects, so the first step of my plan is to host one-on-one meetings with every team member. In my experience, this strategy fosters trust and addresses concerns before the project begins.
I'm also passionate about thorough planning that involves team members, stakeholders, and clients. I plan to coordinate a presentation and invite the specialists from the group to provide recommendations. Once we execute the steps of our planning, I strive to boost client satisfaction and exceed competitors with the products we create.
