After growing up in a food desert, my biggest professional aspiration is to help make healthy food more widely available and accessible regardless of where you live. I also love solving complex problems. Currently, as a project manager, I specialize in strategic planning and combine it with a natural ability to engage critical stakeholders, resulting in on-time and under-budget delivery. This role would help me use those skills to work on a mission I’m passionate about. I am determined to use these skills to help your organization guarantee our community has access to affordable, nutritious food and information to make healthy decisions. In the next five or so years, I would love to take on additional responsibility and be in a decision-making role to drive the mission beyond our community and support even more families in gaining access to nutritious food options.
Ultimately, later in my career, I’d love to be in charge of marketing for a tech company whose products and services really help people. There’s so much technology now that can change people’s lives for the better, but because there’s so much, customers don’t always know what’s out there and what might be the perfect thing to solve their problems. I’ve always been passionate about connecting people with products and services that will help them most. I also love working with numbers. That’s why I’m so interested in this position. I’d love to use my analytical skills and market research skills to help your company identify the right markets for its many products and product lines. And the number of products you sell will help me to learn about what groups gravitate toward different products and why. Over the next few years, I’d also like to move into a more strategic role where I’m using data to conceptualize marketing campaigns that speak to the target audience, so I was excited to hear your company has a strong culture of promoting from within.
I’d love to eventually be in a role where I’m helping provide people with the tools, they need to grow their businesses over time, and teaching others to do the same. I’ve been in SaaS sales throughout my career and my favourite part has always been building relationships with customers throughout the process of making a sale. In my current role, account executives also served as account managers, and I discovered that the ongoing relationships with customers are even more rewarding to me than those I make during the sales process. And my customer satisfaction scores showed that clients enjoyed and benefited from my guidance when it came to new features from our software products. So, I think my next step toward my goals is really a role where the entire focus is on account management. This role, where account managers work with small business clients to find the right software solutions as they grow, would allow me to build relationships with clients, help them find the software they need to move forward, and watch their businesses evolve. In the next few years, I’d also like to take on more leadership responsibilities so that I can help mentor those on my team and pass on what I’ve learned.
My goal entering the company would be to evolve my skills in a challenging environment, work within a team, and provide efficient solutions. Within 5 years, I aspire to reach a managerial position that will allow me to make crucial decisions while applying my leadership skills. Eventually, by the age of 40, I hope to have reached an executive position so that I can have an active and critical role in the company’s overall success.
