I basically taught myself animation from scratch. I was immediately drawn to it in college, and with the limited resources available to me, I decided to take matters into my own hands, and that’s the approach I take in all aspects of my work as a video editor. I don’t just wait around for things to happen, and when I can, I’m always eager to step in and take on new projects, pick up new skills, or brainstorm new ideas.
I actually started a career in editorial after transitioning from a role in the health and wellness industry to an internship at an online publication. Because I came in as a career changer and ‘started over’ in a more entry-level role, I have direct experience that can easily be applied to writing career advice. I know what readers want, what questions they have, and how they want that advice to be delivered because I was in their shoes and going through that transition taught me so much about the job search and ignited my passion for helping others find a career path, they love like I was able to.
I’m uniquely qualified for this role because I’m incredibly organized. And I’m not just saying that I live for my planner (and my Google Calendar). In my past role as an executive assistant, I was constantly answering calls and responding to hundreds of emails a day, and thanks to my diligence, the CEO never had a missed message or mistake in their schedule.
I'm not afraid of failure in the least. In fact, I think it is an essential part of the experimental process. That it gets you to succeed at what it is that you do. For example, I was involved in a project several years ago that was very poorly planned. And did not assign deadlines as tightly as they should have. As a result, no one was putting in an equal amount of work. Eventually, the project fell through. When I started working for the most recent company. I came in with many suggestions on how management could make the project work and team building. The project was a huge success, and my manager personally thanked me for bringing all that information to the table. Without failure, I would have never learned from it.
