Well, one thing you won’t find on my resume: the time I had to administer emergency CPR. Last year, I was at the lake when I saw a young girl who looked like she was drowning. I was a lifeguard in high school, so I swam out, brought her to shore, and gave her CPR. Although this was, hopefully, a one-time event, I’ve always been able to stay calm during stressful situations, figure out a solution, and then act. As your account manager, I’d use this trait to resolve issues quickly and effectively both within the team and externally. After all, obstacles are inevitable, especially in a start-up environment. And if anyone needs CPR at the office beach party, well, I’m your woman.
“I chose not to include my coding skills on my resume because this job seems more focused on graphic design and branding. However, I do have experience with HTML, CSS and JavaScript, and I am interested in using these skills on various web development projects I could be assigned to.
I oversee a runners’ group that meets every weekend for a distance run. When I first moved here, I started the group by posting a flyer at the local gym, but now I perform outreach on social media and manage the group’s event calendar. It started with just a few people, but now it’s a group of 30 diverse runners who want to be more active and healthier. I use my skills in social media communication and my entrepreneurial spirit to empower others. I understand that these skills would be highly applicable to the social media coordinator role.
One experience I left out of my resume was my time as a campus tour guide. In that role, I led group tours of prospective students and their families around the school and talked about my experience as a current student. I knew what they were going through because I had been in their place three years before. I became an expert at my college to help young people feel more confident about their future education.
Since I’m applying for a copywriter position, I chose to focus my resume on the writing and editing experiences that taught me the basic principles I use every day. However, my job as a tour guide improved my ability to empathize with others and to anticipate the needs of clients, which are essential to this position
