It’s been exciting to hear about some of the new initiatives the company has started in our previous conversations, like the database project and the company-wide sync, but I know there’s still a lot for me to learn. The first thing I’d do is line up meetings with the stakeholders involved in the projects I’d be tackling to help me figure out what I don’t know and then go from there. Hopping into a database project halfway through can be tricky, but I’m confident that once I know what all the stakeholders are looking for, I’ll be able to efficiently plot out our next steps and set appropriate deadlines. From there, I’ll be focused on hitting the milestones that I’ve set for the team.

Within 30 days, I plan to get to know the people I’ll be working with the most and to be comfortable with them. Within 60 days, I plan to have a solid understanding of the industry, the company, and the competitive landscape so that I can hold my own in any conversation about the company. Within 90 days, I plan to meet the goals that have been set for me.
With my five years of sales experience, I'm confident I can adapt quickly to a new position as a sales representative at your company. During my first month, I plan to meet with other members of the team and learn about the company's sales processes. After my initial 30 days in the position, I expect to begin working toward my sales goals by contacting prospective customers and using my sales, communication, and negotiation skills. In my previous sales position, I began meeting my sales goals within three months, and I expect to do the same in this position.

I have several goals I plan to accomplish in my first three months as a customer service manager. Over my first 30 days, I plan to schedule one-on-one meetings with each member of the team to learn more about their responsibilities and gather feedback about department processes. After meeting with everyone on the team and observing their workflows, I plan to use my second month in this role to identify areas where we can streamline operations to provide quality customer service more effectively.
In my third month in this position, I want to establish benchmarks to evaluate new processes or strategies. For example, in my previous position as an assistant manager at a call centre, I worked to simplify the paperwork for representatives so they could spend more time answering calls. As a result of this new policy, customer wait times declined by 15% in three months.
