Your firm has a huge reputation, but it seems that your profiles on social media could be better. The firm’s social media handles ought to have been viable tools for publicity and advertisement to both customers and applicants alike. I ran my last employer’s social media profiles and would be happy to do the same for you, should I be successful.
I have been a loyal customer and now as a candidate, giving me a broader view of your organization’s all-round operation. I must say, your products and overall services are excellent. But the delivery service unit is a bit lacking in promptness, improving on this will put the firm above its competitors as against the ‘African time’ syndrome common in the industry. I spare headed a scheme that ensured timely service delivery in my previous place of work, if giving the opportunity; I will bring in practicable models that will enhance timely service delivery.
Obviously, this company has a great reputation as an innovator and leader in the industry. A lot of things are going right, which is part of the reason why I am so interested in this position. This is a great company, but like everything else that is great, there is always room for improvement. As far as I can tell, the lead generation of the business is not as proactive as it could be. Right now, there is a lot of reliance on word of mouth and other passive lead generation. There is nothing wrong with these methods, but the company may be better served with a little more initiative in lead generation. I have experience designing and implementing these exact policies.
I have found your hiring process quite efficient up to this point; however, I would recommend taking a look at the user-friendliness of your current ATS. Most candidates are on mobile these days, and the current system is not mobile friendly. When initially applying, I lost my work a couple of times and had to return to my application on my desktop later. I feel this could hinder your company in capturing keen applicants quickly. I do have some recommendations for down the road, should this be a conversation you would like to explore.

