The first thing that caught my eye when I saw the position posted was definitely that it was at EFG Advisors. I know that you build a lot of your tools in-house, that the team is small, and that you employ a variety of long and short-term strategies in the UK. equities markets focusing on quantitative approaches. But the part that really attracted to me was the chance to combine the programming skills I gained from being a senior software engineer and my knack for quantitative analysis in a position that lets me engage with my growing interest in investing and portfolio management. I’ve been interested in switching to finance for a while now and have been actively managing my own personal portfolio for a few years. Joining a quant shop like yours makes sense to me because I think it’s one of the few places where I’ll still be able to use my technical skills and also spend my day thinking about finance. I’m really excited to learn more and see how I’ll be able to contribute to the firm.
I’ve always been a fan of X Co’s products and I’ve spent countless hours playing your games. I know that your focus on unique stories is what drew me and other fans into your games initially and keeps us coming back for more. I’ve followed X Co on social media for a while, and I’ve always loved how you have people in different departments interact with users. So I was psyched when I came across this posting for a social media manager with TikTok experience. At my last job, I was responsible for launching our TikTok account and growing it to 10,000 followers in six months. Between that experience, my love of gaming, and my deep knowledge of your games and fanbase, I know I could make this TikTok account something special and exciting.
I enjoy interacting with customers and my last job took me a bit away from that. I’m looking to find a role that will let me get back to the direct customer interaction that I enjoy so much. I took a look at the job description before coming in and it seems like this role involves a lot of customer-facing work. I was excited because that’s a strength of mine and I think that not only would this position fit what I’m targeting, but it would also allow me to come in and have an immediate impact and make the best use of my skills.
I’m motivated to find a position that will grow my leadership skills, and a friend forwarded me your job description because he saw that the job posting mentions building and leading a cross-functional team. That’s what I’ve been doing for the past two years at my current employer, and I’m now looking to do the same in a larger organization like yours because I feel it’ll help me grow further as a manager. Also, I think the fact that I’ve been doing similar work in the same industry for the past two years will allow me to step into this role and be successful, so that’s why I want this position and why I think it makes sense as the next move in my career.
