Well, while we have covered most of the important aspects already, there is one thing I really want you all to know. My love for coding hasn’t been new. I always knew I would grow up to be a software engineer. And from the day I decided this, yours was the firm I have wanted to join. Firstly, because it is one firm that seems to respect software engineers and give them the true remuneration for all their efforts. Second is because I am aware that many of the major breakthroughs in coding and development have been initiated by software people from your firm. Is there anything else you’d like us to know?
I think that you have been incredibly thorough, and we have discussed my key strengths like my communication skills, my ability to work across departments, and my experience in public relations. However, one important skill I have not yet mentioned is web design. I recently completed an internship at XYZ Public Relations firm, in which I helped design a new website for one of their clients. The client was extremely happy with my design and even sent a letter to our CEO praising my skills. I am familiar with several web design platforms, including Squarespace, Wordpress, Webflow, and Wix. This skill is something I would love to bring to your company.
We've already touched on many of my strengths. We discussed my writing, presentation, and computer skills, but I haven't yet had the opportunity to tell you about my salesmanship. My ability to be persuasive was very valuable in my prior position. For example, I was able to convince seven local businesses to sponsor the charity run which I organized for my fraternity, and I successfully placed several stories in the local media about a client during my public relations internship.
We have discussed many of my skills, abilities, and experiences that make me a strong candidate, including my experience working with clients and my written and oral communication skills. I would also like to add that I am currently developing another skill that will make me an even more effective employee, should I be hired. I am enrolled in a computer programming course and am learning SQL and Java at the moment. I am extremely passionate about this job opportunity, and I believe my skills (including the skills I am currently developing) make me a strong candidate.
