I’m eager to take the next step in my communications career and work with a larger department that reaches a larger and more diverse student population. Your job description says you’re looking for someone who will actively engage with student groups with ties to the world languages department and expand the kinds of media the communications team works with. I’ve taken initiative and found success in both those areas and would be excited to use this experience to guide similar work for your department. 
I know it’s been an exciting time for General Tech, growing so much and acquiring several startups, but I also know from experience that it can be challenging for the sales team to understand how new products fit in with the existing ones. It’s always easier to sell the product you know, so the newer stuff can get shortchanged, which can have company-wide ramifications. I have over a decade of experience as a sales trainer, but more importantly, most of those years were working with sales teams that were in the exact same boat Gen Tech is in now. Growth is wonderful, but only if the rest of the company can keep up. I’m confident I can make sure your sales team is confident and enthusiastic about selling new products by implementing an ongoing sales training curriculum that emphasizes where they sit in a product lineup.
Aside from having five years of full-cycle recruiting experience at a smaller gaming company, I’ve been a huge fan of Triple-A Gaming for a long time and have followed your recruitment efforts closely to learn from the best. I know your retention perks, the immense effort that goes into designing the shields given out at the annual staff awards, and that hundreds of pounds of M&Ms are provided each year in giant dispensers in the break room. I’m already familiar with conferences and career fairs the recruiting team attends. And I’m more knowledgeable about your IP than even my current company’s, though to be fair, that’s probably true of many gamers. In my experience, candidates really respond when they can sense a recruiter is genuinely passionate about their work, company, and team. I have that and I can help find others who have it too.
Yes, I’ve led people for the past three years. I started with two direct reports and then hired an additional three people to grow my team to five total. I did their performance reviews, training, and more, and it’s an area I enjoy a lot and am targeting in my next position. That’s one reason I applied for this job; I saw this Manager role has the opportunity to build and grow a team.
