While working in this industry for the past two decades, I have made countless connections that I know would be quite valuable for the company. For instance, last summer, I went to a convention with the top 150 companies in the UK. Through light conversation and networking, I managed to collect quite a few business cards and even scheduled a follow-up lunch with several contacts. If I were to get this role, I would continue to use my networking skills to make more important connections, and I would also be willing to share the ones I currently have.
As Jocelyn talked about in our interview earlier, PopCo is looking to expand its market to small business owners with less than 25 employees, so I’d bring my expertise in this area and my experience in guiding a sales team that’s selling to these customers for the first time. In most of my past roles, this segment has been my focus and in my current role, I also played a big part in creating our sales strategies when the business began selling to these customers. I worked with my managers to develop the sales script. I also listened in on a number of sales calls with other account execs who were selling to these customers for the first time and gave them pointers and other feedback. In the first quarter, our 10-person sales team closed 50 new bookings in this segment, and I personally closed 10 of those deals. I helped guide my last company through the expansion into small businesses, and I’m eager to do that again at PopCo. Plus, I noticed you have a monthly karaoke night, so I’m eager to bring my rendition of ‘Call Me Maybe’ to the team as well.
I know you’re looking for an executive assistant who will make sure that nothing slips through the cracks because of your busy schedule, and I would bring my strong eye for detail to the team. In my past role I was responsible for supporting the company’s CFO, and I often caught small issues such as scheduling overlaps and missing information in expense reports. I was also responsible for taking minutes for all of the CFO’s meetings and then sending them out to meeting participants afterward. After one meeting when a number of important deadlines were discussed, I realized that the CFO had stated different dates for finalizing key earnings reports across different meetings, telling the executive team in an earlier meeting that she’d have the reports a week before a board meeting and telling her team she needed them by the date of the board meeting. I quickly confirmed the correct date with the CFO, and since she was on her way to another meeting, I sent a quick correction out with the meeting minutes, so that the finance team was aware of the error right away. As a result, the reports were ready in time for the board meeting. My fastidiousness and proactive nature would mean you can do your job knowing someone has the details and logistics covered.
I saw that the job description says you need somebody who has extensive HR management experience. I’ve been working as an HR Manager for the past five years, and I think one key contribution that I’d bring to this role and company is my familiarity with your industry. My last position was in this same industry, so I’m very familiar with the space. I’m also somebody who is able to take initiative and solve problems without being asked. Based on the job description, it sounds like your company appreciates people who are self-starters and are able to work independently, so that’s something else that I’d bring to this organization.
